

Dearest Laddoobabu,

It's Mommy and Daddy writing to you :)
We love you so, so much!

How exciting it is to be on your own in the middle of nowhere!!  Well, you are
with your friends and you teachers. Trust them. Each of you are responsible for
another. Make sure you are in groups at all times. People you already know are
friends. Adults and teens, who you will come to know anew, are still strangers
even when friendly. Stay in packs. At all times.

Now that the safety spiel is out of the way, congratualtions on your very first
excursion out of the mom and dad cocoon! We can't wait to hear of your
adventure. What you discovered about science, of people and of yourself. Do you
you and your friends keep a journal? Years later, when you sit by the window
and turn its pages, these days will come alive, yet again. I guarantee you
that!

Have a lot of fun. Laugh a lot, learn a lot, play a lot.

Yours lovinly,
Mommy and Daddy


N.B.
Heed the safety rules. Stay in packs. Have each other's 6:00 o'clock.





Dearest Laddooshona,

It's Mommy and Daddy again :)
Did we tell you, We love you so, so much? We do!

How's your camping experience going?
Is it fun? This is your first independent step outside of our zone of
protection. So is it for all of your friends. Protect each other. Rely on each
other, stay in packs.

As you navigate the world independently, you will see it in a different set of
eyes. And when you come back home, you will be back with this wealth of
experience, of friendship, of camaraderie and a sense of self that will have
started blossomng in your young mind. We wait with bated breath to see you back
again, to rediscover our beautiful daughter.

As you explore the world without, you will discover yourself in ways that you
had not known before. Be aware of these experiences. They will define you.
There will be times when others will need to see your example to do what is
right. Lead by exmaple. Be brave.

We cannot be prouder of seeing you growing up to be a such a smart, sweet and
respectful young lady. But most importantly, you are kind and you are generous.
You are friendly and you are loyal. And you stand for you principles and you
stand for your values.

We are so proud of you!

Yours lovingly,
Mommy and Daddy




