Mentor's Message: Why Learn to Think Strategically? xi
Thinking Strategically: The Basics 3
    An Overview of Thinking Strategically 3
        A look at key elements of strategic thinking. 3
        What is strategic thinking? 4
        Why is strategic thinking important? 5
        Who needs to think strategically? 6
        What are the distinguishing characteristics of strategic thinkers? 7
        What are the steps in strategic thinking? 9

    Step 1: See the Big Picture 1
        How to begin setting the stage for thinking strategically. 1
        Understanding company and unit strategies 2
        Analyzing customers, competitors, and your industry 6
        Considering internal stakeholders' priorities 8

    Step 2: Articulate Strategic Objectives 3
        Suggestions for focusing on important goals. 3
        Understanding your boss's objectives 4
        Defining your own objectives 6
        Identifying project-related objectives 7
        Making your objectives "SMART" 8

    Step 3: Identify Relationships, Patterns, and Trends 1
        Ideas for seeing connections and paring down the number of issues to grapple with. 1
        Understanding how it works 2
        Devising solutions 3
        Categorizing information 4


    Step 4: Get Creative 7
        Tips for generating alternative courses of action. 7
        Challenging your assumptions 8
        Inviting provocation 9
        Envisioning an ideal world 0
        Gathering others' perspectives 1
        Fostering an environment for creativity 2

    Step 5: Analyze Information 5
        Ideas for sorting through and prioritizing information. 5
        Identifying critical information you d
        Steering clear of irrelevant information 9
        Crafting an information-gathering plan 0
        Building on existing knowledge 2

    Step 6: Prioritize Your Actions 5
        Recommendations for staying focused on your objectives. 5
        Establishing time lines 6
        Keeping the big picture in sight 7

    Step 7: Make Trade-Offs 9
        Tactics for striking the right balance in the course of action you've chosen. 9
        Assessing the pros and cons of a proposed course of action 0
        Comparing short- and long-term outcomes 1
        Balancing unit and company needs 3
        Learning to say no 4

Tips and Tools 9
    Tools for Thinking Strategically 9
        Worksheets to help you assess your strategic thinking skills. 9

Test Yourself 9
    A helpful review of concepts presented in this guide. Take it before and after you've read the guide, to see how much you've learned. 9
    Answers to test questions 3

To Learn More 7
    Further titles of articles and books if you want to go more deeply into the topic. 7

Sources for Thinking Strategically 5
Notes 7
For you to use as ideas come to mind. 7
